JOSS compliance (#67)
CDCgov/nbbp: vignettes/details.Rmd

Let $\mathrm{NegativeBinomial}(x; R, k)$ be the negative binomial PMF evaluated at $x$ with mean $R$ and concentration $k$.
The PMF of the final size distribution can be written

$$
\mathrm{Pr}(c \mid R, k) = -\log(c) + \mathrm{NegativeBinomial}(c - 1; R c, k c)
$$

Compared to alternative representations of the likelihood (for example, directly translating equation 9 of Blumberg & Lloyd-Smith (2013) to Stan code), using `neg_binomial_2_lpmf` appeared to lead to the lowest frequency of CDF values exceeding 1.

Second, when an invalid CDF value (i.e., greater than 1) is encountered, `nbbp` dynamically rescales the CDF in Stan.
Let $c_\mathrm{max}$ be the maximum outbreak size for which we need to evaluate $\mathrm{Pr}(c \mid R, k)$.
If $\sum_{x=1}^{c_\mathrm{max}} \mathrm{Pr}(x \mid R, k) > 1$, then we instead use:

$$
\widetilde{\mathrm{Pr}}(c \mid R, k) = \frac{1 - \epsilon}{\sum_{x = 1}^{c_\mathrm{max}} \mathrm{Pr}(x \mid R, k)} \cdot \mathrm{Pr}(c \mid R, k)
$$

As such, the rescaled CDF is safely less than one.
In practice, we use Stan's [`machine_precision()`](https://mc-Stan.org/docs/Stan-users-guide/floating-point.html) for $\epsilon$.

> Note that given the modularly implemented, multipartite likelihood, $\widetilde{\mathrm{Pr}}$ is only used in the portions of the likelihood involving the CDF of completely observed outbreaks (i.e., censoring and size-conditioning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that due to the implementation of the likelihood in Stan, $\widetilde{\mathrm{Pr}}$ is only used for likelihoods of (completely observed) censored and size-conditioned outbreaks, not partially-observed outbreaks.
```

Minor, but I think a bit more straightforward for this in isolation (rather than in context of the JOSS text)
